my bad in the giving back spirit of the
holidays we decided to put pockets
meaning that we would try to sneak money
into people's pockets without them
noticing and it wasn't always a nice
surprise
we wrapped two five dollar bills with a
note letting the stranger know that they
had been put pocketed one for them to
keep and the other bill for them to do a
kind act for another stranger and to
make this happen today we're doing it
with the help of ark dolphin and Alex
what about we just lets you explain what
you do let's do that we're Ark project
now Ark is an acronym that stands for
acts of random kindness our mission is
to inspire an epidemic of kindness all
right let's do it deal if you're hard
it's gonna be hard because because of
people watching not because of the
person feeling that it's hard yeah it is
really hard oh let's go away don't next
to me you're too close
oh sorry I skip I needed I thought you
just gonna go up it's gonna be easy just
gonna slip it in like this
- damn it this is so hard
okay I gotta do this faster excuse me if
I want to get to them to the pier oh yes
the pier
so this street ends up walk through the
food court
you'll see so never frakking just
getting to someone back close you should
just go for it
I know dude I'm trying all I got to do
it hey man where can I get to the to the
Senate Monica Pier I don't owe money I
know oh good thing I didn't get out vote
you have no idea how people will react
my legs are shaking my bad
I'm so sorry I've put money in your bag
actually I'm so so sorry
you can check it right now that's what
it like okay thanks do you want to give
someone trauma that's what you do that
sucks
I want to go to the phonograph appear
what I do for you yeah go I'm gonna try
to put it in this pocket
[Music]
this thing
Vitaliy hello Finn that provocative do
you know what that means it's the
reverse a pickpocket across all of our
camera yeah yeah yeah hey man
excuse me can you show me where to go to
the beaches
and I'm from here okay no all good I can
just have someone else man these are
awesome hats how much is one we're good
yep success all right these guys they've
done okay all right they've done okay
but we've been doing this for years so
we're gonna team up
it makes magic happen I'm just kidding
I'm terrified when I'm standing right
here
okay awesome thank you so much this is a
special spot to me
oh what a beach would be great come on
one more and I got a dope picture out of
it